Good morning board-members and shareholders, thank you for joining us here today. We are the data science team behind Quantum Realty Investment.
Today, I have with me, myself kenny, KC and Lester. 

so before we begin this is a quick run-through of what we will be covering. READ list

So welcome to the opening ceremony of the brand new quantum realty Ames head office.  
With this, Quantum Realty is moving in a new direction that is evidence based and data driven.
The goal of the company remains the same which is to find undervalued houses and flip them for a profit.
The difference is that we have utilised several machine learning models to help us identify the properties with higher upside

Ames is a city in Story County, Central Iowa. And it’s home to about 67000 people. 
One of the biggest feedback we have gotten from the investment team is that current tools have been ineffective in helping the investment team decide on a property due to the myriad of factors which affects housing prices. 

Our data science team has created a regression model constructed based on Ames Housing Data. This model has been able to produce high accuracy predictions.
With the ability to mirror the market, we also able to help explain how different variables affect housing prices and identify properties with high development potential.
Ultimately, our model will be able to solve the following problems:
* How close is our predicted sale price of a house in Ames?
* Which features of a property have the strongest impacts on housing prices? 
SO what goes into prices?

When we think about choosing a  home, there are several factors that immediately pop to mind
1. Location
2. Property Size
3. General Conditions
4. Amenities

With these in mind, we started to look into our dataset to find factors such the square footage of the property, the number of bedrooms, number of storeys, neighborhood etc.
From a list of 80 features, we narrowed them down to the key factors to address.
Now we will have KC walk you through our exploratory data analysis and feature selection process.
